Enhance Monitoring and Tracing API concepts (#725)
kyma-project/community: concepts/observability-strategy/configurable-tracing/04-tracing-api.md

metadata:
  name: myPipeline
spec:
  input:

>     istio: # Would configure Istio to send traces to the collector service

Reviewer: "Would"? Why not

```suggestion
    istio: # Configures Istio to send traces to the collector service
```

      propagation: w3c # w3c | b3
      enabled: true
      samplingPercentage: 100

  processors: # list of processors, order is important
    probabilisticSampler:
        samplingPercentage: 15.3

>   output: # only one output, defining no output will fail validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  output: # Only one output. Defining no output will fail validation
```

metadata:
  name: myPipeline
spec:
  input:

>     tags: # Filter based on custom tags (Is there any use-case or would we just produce incomplete traces?)

Reviewer 2: will for sure produce incomplete traces as istio spans and serverless spans have different tags...
